Why are you taking the back-end class? What are your current expectations of the back-end class?

At this point, I'd like to challenge myself with backend coding languages. I was hoping to learn a little Java but I'm enjoying go more in-depth with Javascript.

Before front-end class, did you have coding experience? What computer language(s) and how long ago?

Yes, I had HTML/CSS. I've been coding in the aforementioned languages off-and-on since 2001.


What front-end topics did you find difficult or what did you struggle with?

I found Javascript for the frontend challenges at first until I had to use it on a Wordpress site. Also, the summer cohort was given a project, so I created a character counter for a form <input> that decrements the number of character inputs. 


Did the front-end class meet your expectations? Explain how it did or did not.

Yes, the reason why is because it gave some basic tools for making a website. I found the projects useful and that went beyond my expectations.


Are you switching careers or looking to add skills to your resume? Why?

Both. Perhaps I'm still searching where I fit in terms of the tech field, but I think I'd like to build my backend coding skills.


What books or other resources are you depending on outside of class to enhance your learning?

Lynda.com has been helpful for me to understand the syntax in Javascript. Coming from an HTML/CSS background perhaps the hardest thing for me to do is remember different punctuations for if statements, arrays, objects, and loops. Function seem to be easier to follow.


Other than HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, what other computer languages are you currently learning or are interested in learning? Why?

I think my next step is to pick up Java. I'm interested in developing apps and am curious to learn how it connects/diverges from Javascript.


Where do you see the industry going in the future?

VR technology seems to be the future of tech. With so many young people learning to code and engaging with VR, I can only surmise that the two including the pandemic will lead to holograms of ourselves in meetings. A Mission Techies class in virtual space?

After taking the back-end class do you plan or have already planned on continuing your learning in tech? What specifically do you plan on focusing?

Yes, I've applied for the Twitter and Microsoft apprenticeships. If I don't land anything afterwards, I'll do a few projects and hack-a-thons. 


